hey come on october 1st 2010 also existed
one with karin oh here five years
I cook you with karin coughing teeth
if so it really started as a hobby
i always loved to cook no am i
started a website
on which I have my recipes and my
drawings have put
and then I really thought very quickly to
the i can do i much more with that i have
I quit my job and we want the
we go full-time on what should just go on
hear it
I work for a publishing company
sponsored magazines make the
magazines in something else from childhood
off already
the kitchen so you know a child tray
I wasn't that much the pies
really would be busy with cooking and I liked it
agree with my mother in the kitchen
but my mother liked buying
terrible so that wasn't real
a role model and when I was 16 then went
a year again to switzerland and
then I suddenly had to cook every day for
three children then I actually have
I learned it to start and then
I also discovered it very much fun
find
who are you since recently than 30 August
at arjan and looks a cross would come
yes I was called by radio
Noord-Holland whether I or I wanted to come
talk about food
well I always want that and then prepared
you for
I think of topics in advance
going to do is take cold a bit into account
with the seasons of what is now a fun
subject and yes I try a bit
variation in and before
a little of his early screen
read in see what yes what can I do about it
to tell
what what are perhaps nice recipes
not easily through the radio
could tell some of all very easily
millionaire they make yes that is real
super fast that
what do one yourself that is whole
difficult
actually bowed a little bit
sauerkraut I love very much or is very bad
of oven dishes
totally oysters very much
pies are really desserts
cold so yes yes but many savory you
fourth book is from the 2nd edition already
so that is going in the right direction and what will
give you a fee
yes i actually want to cook with karin
show that i all too much
it is easier that people often think and
I want a bit of fun in it
bring back cooking
Many people may also see it as one
kind of daily evil of all that must
we well we eat and help
I want to show that it's easy
that it is fun to do
that it gives a lot of satisfaction
even if you eat something very bad afterwards
tasty and which everyone says
me that you have already cooked well
those are all things that contribute
to the happiness of life
Marga you a little in the future
young in the broadcast
I go I go I am not fed up with it
favorite topic of arjan that is
namely an apple pie and in the
very first time i came but that
very first episode
I knew of apple tarts cat
apple pie that i need a
what a nice entrance they make
all further to wait with cooking
my can that i will continue with my
website
cooking with spice dot en I will continue with
make books
a book comes out that spring
He was called kitchen that they bundle
of recipes from faithful ones in the odds
have written and with interviews with
people about septum but are special
have memory and and it
next cookbook worth going to
working is buying an oven if you are
love oven dishes i think is over
such a handy device and you all do
things together in the dish and then
put you so over everyone about this
issue of waiting the oven is also one
way in a really simple way
way to create a lot of taste so you can
Of course things do in a pan with all
the not with water
when you roast them in the oven often comes
makes movies upwards
you also prepare a workshop
cooking workshops are greetings
then we go there some nice things one evening
and people are surprised to
see that they can all do it themselves
watch a cell the veins
cooking programs yes often only says something
I watch TV macro programs
but what do you think the pan you have one
favorite program
yes most still look to the
english can bbc programs
the masses really great this one now it
is a master chef professional
they are not amateur chefs but cooks
already work in a restaurant but now one
step higher really want Michelin stars
want to become a shift
it's really phenomenal and television is about
to look at if your book is also not
more
do you have a nice broccoli recipe
soup soup is actually very easy to
make themselves like your boss and one of
vegetables and you have to mix it
for example, it takes 500 grams of wok oil
some broth
I think that's best for one
bouillon tablet are you
splash of cream on a with some pepper
and salt and simmer for 15 minutes
until it is soft until the broccoli is good
then you put the hand blender in and you have
a delicious soup and if you still
what on nice i want i do i take
a smoked mackerel that you bring
my husband scraps those pieces and then
over the soup one with what
roasted almond rolls almond
ie as a dry frying pan hey the ant
scoop until they are beautifully golden brown
also sprinkle over it and actually
culinary heroes in no time
responsibly sweet and tasty is also one
culinary calendar in the store them
yes that is another project i do
together with a colleague and that she
tear-off calendar with recipes but also with
a nice stories things we like
experienced information about
Ingredients compromising crazy quotes or
sophia loren who says about spaghetti
for example, something fun every day
to make
read and see everything from your mine
website is called
www cooking with karin point en i have too
another weblogs cooking point blogo
pick up and also boil on twitter
with curry curry you want cordially
to thank
hey cool